step number one body weight I started
with the easiest exercise push-ups they
work not only your chest muscles or
Pat's butt triceps and shoulders as well
and there's so many types of them hey
how many pushups can you do in a row let
me know in the comments for standard
push-ups
get in a high plank position making sure
your shoulders elbows and hands are in
line and your feet are hip-width apart
bend your elbows breathing in and lower
your chest almost to the floor breathe
out pushing back up that's one rep if
you're new to this do 3 sets of 10 to 15
reps and work your way up to 20 to 25
reps that's the number of sets and reps
I did for all types of push-ups 4 clap
push-ups warm up your shoulders first
then start doing a standard push-up but
while lowering your chest to the floor
push upward with force enough to clap
your hands under the chest after the
clap land with soft elbows there's also
a trick to make all these push-ups more
effective but I'll come back to that in
a bit
for push-up jacks as usual get in a high
plank position when your body lowers
into a push-up make your legs jump out
to the sides when pushing up lock your
legs together again for decline push-ups
you'll need some raised surface like a
sturdy box or a step get in a standard
push-up position putting your legs on
the chosen elevation keep elbows at 45
degrees to your body and do everything
just like with regular push-ups using
your glutes and core keep your back and
neck aligned all the time during Diamond
push-ups everything is just like with
standard push-ups but your index fingers
and thumbs should be touching creating a
diamond shape step number two flat bench
and dumbbells grab your dumbbells or
milk jugs filled with water and lie down
on the bench now lift them straight over
your chest then slightly bend your
elbows and open arms wide out to the
sides after that bring the dumbbells
back together at the top
do three to five sets of ten to fifteen
reps lead down your torso on the bench
with only your shoulders on the surface
and your bent feet on the floor holding
the dumbbell with arms extended over
your chest lower the weights slowly in
an arc behind your head then bring the
dumbbell back do three to five sets of
eight to twelve reps
grip the bench in front of you with one
hand for balance while lifting the
opposite leg to the back take a dumbbell
with your free hand arm extended bring
it to the side of your body tucking
elbows in at a 45 degree angle do ten
reps and switch sides step three loop
resistant bands they are the trick I
promised to tell you use them to make
all types of push-ups more challenging
stand straight with your feet firmly on
the floor and wrap loop resistance bands
around your back extend arms in front of
you holding the ends with fists pull
your arms away from one another
slowly as far as you can then squeeze
your pecs getting your arms back do
three to five sets with 10 to 12 reps
now set one foot forward with your knees
slightly bent holding the bands ends
pull your arms down at an angle to meet
in front of your body slightly bending
your elbows after that bring your arms
back until your upper arms are in line
with the sides of your body do three to
five sets of 10 to 12 reps
stand straight with your feet at
shoulder width and step on the band take
the band with one hand gripping it in a
fist facing up keeping your arm just
slightly bent at your elbow pull the
band up to your center line near the
head level then switch arms hmm do three
to five sets of ten to twelve reps step
four barbell choose the weights
depending on your physical endurance
flag down on the bench and arch your
lower back a bit hold the bar right near
your chest with elbows locked in at 45
degrees
the bar up fully extending your arms do
four sets with 10 to 12 reps for the
next exercise put the barbell on some
raised surface at knee height grabbing
it with a double overhand grip bend down
and deadlift the bar up hold it like
that for a moment squeezing your
shoulder blades stand straight with a
barbell across the front of your
shoulders keeping elbows up brace your
core and squat down as low as you can
get back up using your heels do 5 sets
of 8 reps step 5
medicine ball in fact any other ball
will do especially if it's heavy like a
basketball stand against the wall
holding it at arm's length and get in a
squatted position then get up straight
and at the same time throw the ball as
high as possible catch it and lower for
the next squat do this exercise for 60
seconds step 6
spring expander stand straight holding
the expander with both hands at chest
level then start opening arms as wide as
you can
squeezing your shoulder blades after
that bring arms behind your head pulling
the expander apart do 3 sets of 12 reps
and finally step 7 food choices there's
no such thing as spot weight-loss so I
just had to say goodbye to healthy
snacks like pastry buffalo wings and
chips this helped me to lose a few
pounds to build muscles I eat more food
rich in protein like grilled chicken
lean beef fish and eggs